**STAT 545A Mini Data-Analysis**

**Overview**

The Mini Data-Analysis deliverables in the STAT545A course consist of 3 mini-projects which involve installation of the `datateachr` package by Hayley Boyce and Jordan Bourak which currently consists of 7 semi-tidy datasets.

It also requires loading the `datateachr` and `tidyverse` packages which are necessary for the successful completion of the project.

**Mini-project 1 comprises 3 major tasks**:

+ Choose your favorite dataset
+ Explore your dataset
+ Write your research questions

**Mini-project 2 comprises 2 major tasks**

+ Process and summarize your data
+ Tidy your data

*Mini-project 3 comprises 3 exercises**

+ Special Data Types
+ Modelling
+ Reading and writing data


**Folders and Files in the Repository**

There is a main README.md file which summarizes the project and folders in the repository. There are 4 folders in the repository, each containing files as follows:

1. Milestone_1 contains the following files:

+ README.md
+ mda_deliverable_1.Rmd
+ mda_deliverable_1.md
+ mda_deliverable_1_files

2. Milestone_2 contains these files:

+ README.md
+ mda_deliverable_2.rmd
+ mda_deliverable_2.md
+ mda_deliverable_2_files

3. Milestone_3 contains the following:

+ README.md
+ mda_deliverable_3.Rmd
+ mda_deliverable_3.md
+ mda_deliverable_3_files

3. output contains the following files:
+ README.md
+ lm_no_of_storeys.rds
+ summary_air_conditioning.csv

**Instruction on how to engage with this GitHub repository.**

1.  `.md files` : A text editor can be used to read and edit the markdown files. However, apart from an .md file that does not have a source file (.Rmd file), it is advisable to edit the .Rmd file and re-knit it to a .md file if an edit needs to be made to the original .md file.
 
2. `.rmd files`: Integrated Development Environment like RStudio can be used to open the files, edit and run the code chunks embedded. You have the option to render the files into markdown, HTML or PDF formats with RStudio IDE.

3. Code for files in the `output` folder, excluding the README.md file are contained within the `mda_deliverable_3.Rmd` file and can be re-generated by knitting the .Rmd file to markdown.
 
 




